README update for packages (#771)
microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-typescript: README.md

Get started with the Microsoft Graph SDK for Typescript by integrating the [Microsoft Graph API](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/overview) into your Typescript application!

> > **Note:** this SDK allows you to build applications using the [v1.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/use-the-api#version) of Microsoft Graph. If you want to try the latest Microsoft Graph APIs, use our [beta SDK](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-beta-sdk-typescript) instead.

Reviewer: Two suggestions: use the prettier `[!NOTE]` syntax, and combine this note with the one right after it. Having two note blocks back-to-back is jarring for the reader and increases likelihood they will skip over it ;)

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The Microsoft Graph Typescript SDK is currently in Pre-Release. This SDK allows you to build applications using the [v1.0](https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/use-the-api#version) of Microsoft Graph. If you want to try the latest Microsoft Graph APIs, use our [beta SDK](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-beta-sdk-typescript) instead.
```

Reviewer: Also be sure to replace all `docs.microsoft.com` with `learn.microsoft.com`.

>

> > **Note:** the Microsoft Graph Typescript SDK is currently in Pre-Release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
